# stockPredictionAi
# Project overview:
This notebook creates a complete model to predict the price of a stock. In this example we predict the price of GS. We use several different data inputs to form three different datasets. We use technical indicators with historical data, autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) for the stock function approximation, and long short-term memory (LSTM) for the highest correlated asset. We then concatenate all of the datasets together and run XGBoost for feature importance and run the total dataset on a generative adversarial network (GAN). The results were dependent upon a 5-year period of historical data on GS between 01/01/2017 - 01/01/2022. A 5-year period is used because the most recent past price action is more relevant to future price movements than less recent past price action. Using this data the model yielded 76% prediction accuracy.

# Trading strategy:
In addition to the model we can look at an example of how to use this model to develop a trading strategy. The two most important values will be the latest price of GS in our dataset which is 382.54 and the output of our model RMSE = 219.62. Because the RMSE is below the latest price we will take a short position. We can get the average between these two values to shorten our holding time horizon and to reduce the error in prediction accuracy. Thus, target = (382.54 + 219.62)/2 = 301.08. If we enter the trade at 382.54 with n number of shares and we evaluate risk at 2:1 reward:risk we can place our target at 301.08 and our stop loss at 423.27. 2:1 R:R is confirmed appropriate because of the recent primary area of resistance on the GS chart at the 423 area. Therefore, the risk per n number of shares is 40.73 and the reward per n number of shares is 81.46. In this case, when entering the trade n number of shares should be calculated to reflect 1% risk of your cash account balance. For example, 1 share on a $4073 cash account balance would be 1% risk. If we took this trade we can see that we would have entered on 12/31/2021 at 382.54 and exited at target on 5/10/2022 at 301.08 making 81.46 per n number of shares.
